This is a little plugin that gives you instant page support that you can use in the regular Rails template manner.
I don't like how some apps or systems give you this database so you can stuff page templates in it.
You should be able to create a page with or without a layout in a folder and it should work.


h2. Installation

# You know how to install Rails plugins.
# In your routes.rb file add "PagesKataRoutes.draw(map)" to the bottom of your routes.
# Create a directory in "app/views" called "pages" and you can drop your static pages in there.
# If you want to use layouts just make a directory in "app/views/layouts" called "pages" and drop your layouts in there.


h2. Usage

h3. Example 1: You want an about page at "/about"
Create your "about.html.erb" or "about.html.haml" template in the app/views/pages directory.

h3. Example 2: You want a nested page at "/members/jim"
Create your "jim.html.erb" or "jim.html.haml" template in the app/views/pages/members directory.

h3. Example 3: You want a default page at "/members"
Create your "index.html.erb" or "index.html.haml" template in the app/views/pages/members directory.

h3. Example 4: You want a different layout for your page at the "/about" path
Create your "about.html.erb" or "about.html.haml" layout template in the app/views/pages/layouts directory.

h3. Example 5: You want a different layout for everything under "/members" path
Create your "members.html.erb" or "members.html.haml" layout template in the app/views/pages/layouts directory.